well howdy there internet people it's
beau
gown so this video is gonna
start off sounding like one of those
milestone videos that we often
see here and it is in a way
but it's also not so stick with me
um this is our 1000th video
on youtube and i want to stop here real
quick and just say thank you for
hanging in there with me all this time
especially if you're one of those who
were
around in the beginning listening to me
through one speaker
i really appreciate it it's a cool
little moment
it's it's an accomplishment that we've
done right
not really not really an accomplishment
it's definitely a moment that we can
pause
and say hey we did all this cool stuff
but it's not an accomplishment this this
video in and of itself is no different
than the ones that preceded it
doesn't affect any real change nothing
changes
because of this video because of this
moment
we can stop and acknowledge all of the
cool stuff
that we've done and the stuff that's
still to come
but in and of itself this is
just another video i mean
this channel has done a lot there
there's been real movement
with this channel real things have been
accomplished
out there tangible change you know
this channel has supplied masks
tyvek suits respirators stuff like that
to hospitals during this giant
mess stuff they couldn't get their hands
on we
supplied a dv shelter got
the kids their christmas gifts
gave them the cleaning supplies they
needed hurricane relief
helped fund schools in the global south
a lot of you have started your own
channels adding your voice
to public discourse helping to shape
what we're talking about all of this is
great
those are accomplishments that's real
movement
that's something that can affect real
change
in the world videos a moment
and yeah it's cool it's cool we can
definitely acknowledge
all of this cool stuff that we and i do
mean we did y'all did most heavy lifting
on all that
but it's just a moment
it doesn't change anything inherently
november 3rd is a moment
doesn't matter who wins even if it goes
the way most people
watching this channel want it to go
nothing inherently changes all of the
issues that we've identified all the
issues we've worked to address
they're still going to be there it's
the movement it's that forward movement
that the change in the real world
that tangible change out there that's
what matters
that that's what's going to propel us
forward
not the individual moment we can't stop
on november 3rd or at the end of january
we have to keep keep up that momentum
keep up that forward movement
keep creating real change keep impacting
things
we can't just stop um
take the moment celebrate the moment say
hey
we've got a little bit more breathing
room to achieve some real movement
to create some real change
but change isn't really going to come
from dc
it's going to come from us so
we're 22 days out i think
just keep that in mind as we move
forward
that doesn't end on november 3rd
or at the end of january we still have a
lot to do
because there's a lot that's going to
have to be cleaned up
regardless of the outcome one way it's
just a little bit easier
anyway i do want to thank you guys again
i mean
i actually didn't know until tonight
that this was that video um
but uh i really do appreciate it i
appreciate you all
being involved because again
y'all did all the heavy lifting on that
stuff you all made it possible
i was just there to help facilitate
and i really appreciate it and there are
people literally
all over the world that appreciate it
real change real movement that you
helped accomplish
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day